✋ humans.txt (#2842)
tldraw/tldraw: apps/dotcom/public/humans.txt

> This site is made by possible by a plucky group of nerds in the London coding scene that are hacking together geometry, arrows, deli sandwiches, and huppiness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This very good whiteboard is made by possible by a plucky group of nerds in the London coding scene that are hacking together geometry, arrows, deli sandwiches, and huppiness.
```

We aim to hack and craft our way through the unexplored map edges of the Sea of Coding.

> Also, it's a bit of Bret Victor fan club.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website was coded entirely in Dreamberd.
```
